All right we'll come back with your students.
So in this lecture what I want to do is I want to clean up the code a little more and I also want to
add a feature where if we don't have a news user here then what we're going to do is we're going to
redirect back the user back to admin.
All right.
Because that's what we want.
And let's let's check it out.
So let's go to Ed on this core user and we have this condition right here and it ends right here.
So I'm going to grab this bracket.
Cut it out and put it all the way down here right below this one.
All right.
And basically what I'm going to do is create a nail statement here and I mean you can create whatever
condition you want you can create create a Nelse if and check for a couple of dates.
Check if it's empty.
Or you know in this case we're just going to check the opposite of good user.
Basically we don't have a ID.
All right a key edit user that we're going to redirect back so to that.
So let's do a head or
and location.
We're going to redirect back to that BHB.
All right.
So let's test it out let's see if it works.
So I'll answer as you can see if we get redirected back here.
Right.
So that's one way of doing it.
And let me see something else
connoting is that
I think right here we have a little bubu.
So we're going to clean that up a little bit because right now what we're doing is we send in the query
and it works.
I mean we're sending this variable here and it works because we are finding Querrey already here.
Right.
And but we want to have the right one right.
So you have this guy right here.
So basically we didn't even have to get this right we can you send a query right like this here right.
And that's right.
But let's just make it the right way.
That's fine.
All right.
Hey guys this is different from the future.
I'm just interrupting the lecture here real quick because I want to make sure that you guys you know
are up to date with things.
OK.
So in the profile page and I know you find the user page that's OK.
We're in the profile page.
Make sure that your password feel is not displaying any data.
Also make sure in the edit page for the edit user that you're not displaying any data because if you
are when you click update without touching anything here is going to update the hash password.
We talked a little bit about this before.
I don't know if I said it too fast and you missed it but that's what it is and maybe later on in the
course I will also remind you of that but make sure for those of you that are paying attention that
this is not there.
Also make sure that in the profile you don't have select you know select user or anything like that.
OK.
You don't want that there.
So what I'm going to do first of all I'm going to in the edit page let's go to Ed and Page who makes
sure that in the form we don't have a value for the password.
OK let's just take that.
You see that's commented on already so we did that in the course.
Well let's just take that out completely.
And I want to add autocomplete off here just to make sure that when users type in the form and the input
the you know the browser doesn't start filling that information automatically just in case you have
somebody else logging in your same computer in your CMOS.
They don't you don't want them to see that password there.
So that's that as a user that's all we've got to do there.
There's not much to do and just clean this up a little bit maybe OK.
Let's go to the profile.
Make sure you save that and that profile you can take the value out and also make sure you have auto
complete off.
That's a good thing to have.
One thing that I want to do here is I want to take the Select that's checking for admen.
I want to take the whole input out.
OK.
And this is in the profile because right now we don't want it they use it to choose their own profile
write their own roles.
And you know we haven't built that functionality yet in this course just know that we might in the future.
Let's see if I can use to take the whole roll out here.
OK let's come back here let's just take the whole thing out.
And guys I have a lot of space in my code because I'm teaching you.
OK.
But in my regular code in my computer I don't have that much space.
So one thing that I want to take out is this user rule that we are not going to be needing anymore.
OK.
We're not going to get this from the form.
So wherever you
wherever you have it you can't take it off.
OK because we're not going to be using it.
OK.
So take all that off and let's go back to the app lets make sure that we don't have any of those values
are going to press enter or refresh a little bit.
OK.
Make sure that you edit page.
You also have while this disk these user is not an admin.
So you know make sure you're in your database.
You fix that.
OK.
That way you can log in and see the users.
But everything should be good.
Ready to go there.
No select no password showing.
And if you click update it shooting up day anything because we don't have any values.
OK.
So we not all dating any Paschall we're not hashing empty spaces or anything like that.
Anyway thank you so much guys and continued your lecture.
I'm going to take this out of here.
Clean this up a little bit and you can refactor this and make this into a function if you like.
I mean it's up to you.
I'm just showing you the major components here that way.
You can decide what you want to do.
All right.
Indenture your Colletto Ben like this
we can indent this a little bit more that way.
All right.
All right this looks a little better.
Anyway I think that said that so that's all we got to do in this case here.
So let's go back to users click on users at it and that we're good here.
All right.
Anyway thank you so much for watching and I'll see you in the next lecture.
Take care.